So. obviously.
that's the bathroom.
And the break room is down
there on the right. obviously.
-Um. what else?
-Amanda Waller will step aside
-as she faces upcoming congressional hearings.
-Oh. check it out. You're on TV.
The president has
appointed Rick Flag
as the new acting
director of ARGUS...
What? That's not
exciting to you?
I know Waller was all
about self-promotion.
but that's not really my bag.
Yeah. A-Dubs did
have her quirks.
-What?
-Dubs.
-W. Amanda Waller.
-Yeah.
You know. this post
wasn't my choice.
but I'm not sure the president
had any other options. so...
My old pal Rick Flag.
-We're old pals now?
-Thought we were.
Are you sucking up to
me right now. Economos?
-Just a little.
-It's not gonna work.
Yeah. well. it was worth a shot.
And this is your office.
Uh. you need anything else?
Actually. yes.
I'd like to see a full
report of my son's death.
-Your son?
-Rick Flag Jr. was killed
in Corto Maltese.
I tried to get the files
immediately after it occurred.
but they said it was classified.
As acting director of ARGUS.
I'd like to take a
look at them now.
Is there a problem
with that. son?
No. I... it's just... I
didn't want. you know.
-it to be upsetting?
-Upsetting?
I think I can
handle it. Economos.
Of cour... Of course. you can.
It's just that day
was complicated
and any actions taken were
under the order of Waller.
and most of us didn't even know.
Get me the fucking files. John.
Yes. sir.
I'm tired of coverin' up
their dirty little secrets.
This time. these sons of bitches
are gonna be held account...
That information gets out.
it causes an
international incident!
Keeping the peace
is worth any price.
Including the life of
a hero like yours. sir.
Peacemaker. What a joke.
-Bordeaux.
-Sir?
I want a surveillance
unit on Christopher Smith.
24/7. immediately.
Sir. the Peacemaker is
in our agency's grace
because of his work
in Project Butterfly.
Fuck the Peacemaker.
♪ Julian. it's a hungry world ♪
♪ They're gonna eat
you alive Son. yeah ♪
♪ Oh. Julian When
their fangs sink in ♪
♪ I'll stitch you. but then ♪
♪ I gotta throw
you Back in. oh ♪
♪ You just try and sleep
Even though you're alone ♪
♪ You just close your eyes
boy And dream of home ♪
♪ And light is always on
You just keep that in mind ♪
♪ When you wake in the
morning You'll be satisfied ♪
♪ 'Cause there is always
A wrong to your right ♪
♪ And there will always be
A war somewhere to fight ♪
♪ And God knows I've had
Some rough fucking years ♪
♪ Oh. oh Lord. oh Lord ♪
♪ Keep on keepin' on ♪
♪ La. la. la. la. la. la.
la. la La. la. la. la ♪
♪ Yeah. yeah. yeah. yeah
Yeah. yeah. yeah. yeah ♪
♪ La. la. la. la. la. la.
la. la La. la. la. la ♪
♪ Yeah. yeah. yeah. yeah
Yeah. yeah. yeah. yeah ♪
♪ And God knows I've had
Some rough fuckin' years ♪
♪ Oh. oh Lord. oh Lord ♪
♪ Keep on keepin' on ♪
♪ La. la. la. la. la. la ♪
♪ Yeah. yeah. yeah. yeah
Yeah. yeah. yeah. yeah ♪
♪ La. la. la. la. la. la.
la. la La. la. la. la ♪
♪ Yeah. yeah. yeah. yeah
Yeah. yeah. yeah. yeah ♪
♪ La. la. la. la. la. la.
la. la La. la. la. la ♪
Oh. shit!
Fuck.
Fuck!
You still have those bone saws?
Hi. babies! Yes! Aw!
Come here. come here.
Oh yes. I missed you.
Oh. Mommy's missed
you guys. Oh. ho. ho.
-Lee?
-Oh shit. Fuck.
What are you doing?
I was on my way
over to Chris's.
so I thought I'd stop by
and get my hair shit...
You can't just come into
this place unannounced.
-I thought you were at work.
-It doesn't matter.
You need to text me
before coming over.
Why?
Because that's what
civilized people do
when they break up. Lee.
Thought it was just time off.
What's the difference?
A lot.
Okay.
I'm sorry.
Why are you going to see
that lunkhead anyway?
He ain't a lunkhead.
He's. like. being really
vulnerable lately.
Sexy new uniform.
You doing okay otherwise?
Other than what?
Other than having to wear
that uniform. I guess.
That's funny?
Man. you just... you're
salty for no reason.
-Oh. for no reason?
-I mean.
No reason? Okay. other
than you changing
every single aspect
of our relationship.
every single plan that
we had. overnight?
We were supposed to be
going back to Gotham. Lee.
And now what?
You're staying here to start
a... a... a spy business?
People gotta follow
their dreams. Key.
-Even you said that.
-Yeah. not when their dreams
are leeching off of
somebody else's reality.
I'll go...
...because this is
gonna end stupid.
It started stupid
when you broke
into my apartment.
All right.
Love you.
Fuck.
Connolly. your
prescription's ready.
Hi. I'm...
I'm sorry I couldn't
help notice you
when I was standing over there.
I don't mean to intrude. and
I don't know your situation.
but if you're going through
something difficult.
if you're with someone
who's hurting you.
I have resources
that could help.
Okay. Thanks.
Yeah.
Often. we get trapped in a cycle
and we think what's
happening to us is okay.
Mm-hmm.
And I just want to
tell you. it's not.
I appreciate it. That's
not what this is.
Okay.
So often. women deny
what's happening...
I am not a fucking mirror!
-What?
-I have my own problems. okay?
-Okay.
-All right?
Is that okay with you?
Sorry.
You got a good
view there. Beaker?
Beaker? Who's...
He's a Muppet.
-Do I look like him?
-A little.
-And that's bad?
-It's not good.
Whoa. That's intense.
Who the fuck are you?
Fleury. Bordeaux sent me.
Let me see your badge.
And reach slowly.
I don't have to do
shit slowly. Kemosabe.
You can't discharge that firearm
while it's still in the holster.
But I will do it slowly...
because I'm polite.
I should get a call
if somebody's coming.
Well. Bordeaux thought you
might need some backup.
So. what's your preferred
form of greeting?
Handshake. fist bump. hug?
You a hugger. Economos?
No. I'm not a hugger.
-So. what'll it be?
-What'll what be?
What form of greeting?
I don't know. Maybe
just nod. like...
Yeah. that's cool.
That's real cool.
Hey. we got a cool
guy in the van. huh?
Ginger Cool.
You mind if I call
you that? Ginger Cool?
Yeah. I really do fucking mind.
Mm.
Oh. God.
Mm. Can I get some of that?
The coffee.
Sure.
Who's the fox?
It's Leota Adebayo.
Mm. mm. mm. mm. mm. mm. mm!
She's just a friend of ours.
Oh. I'm sorry.
Did I just accidentally
sexualize someone
that you respect as
a friend. Economos?
It's fine. Whatever.
Well. it's just 'cause
I was thinking about
tapping that
ass... ...you know?
It's weird they got you
monitoring your own crew.
They do that. you know.
I know.
Make sure your loyalty is
first and foremost to the A.
-ARGUS.
-Fuck.
You having a crisis of
conscience here. Economos?
No.
Is that why Bordeaux
sent me to babysit you?
I don't know. man. Look.
I'm just doing my job
like I do every day. okay?
-I don't give a shit.
-'Course. not.
You're Ginger Cool.
Are you fucking kidding me?
-You don't want me to come in?
-It's. uh...
It's kind of messy in there.
What's going on?
Hey. Eagly.
Hey!
-He likes you.
-I'm not so sure.
What's the deal
with the parrot?
-That's an eagle.
-Hmm?
It's a bald eagle.
It's the symbol of America.
Are you telling me
you don't recognize
what kind of bird that is?
Okay. you obviously have
not read my dossier.
I have bird blindness.
Bird blindness?
I can't tell the difference
between one type of
bird and another.
Okay. but a duck and an eagle
are totally different sizes.
Yeah. well. they look
the same size to me. man.
What about. like.
a hummingbird?
Tiny bird? Incredibly
fast wings? Hovers?
Yeah. see?
Yeah. I only know about
that because I read it.
-Yeah.
-To me. they look and move
just like any other bird.
-Wow.
-Bird blindness.
It's my sole weakness.
What is she showing him?
Um... Oh. that's...
That could be anything. man.
-Quantum what?
-Unfolding Chamber.
It's a dimensional portal
that leads to 99
other universes.
-In your bedroom?
-It's my dad's bedroom.
Yours now?
Yeah. fucking mine
now. whatever.
I don't use it much.
I let Eagly fly
around there sometimes
when it's too cold outside.
-It's my dad's.
-You never told me about it.
Never thought about it. Ads.
Jeez. it's not that big a deal.
Get the fuck out. it's not.
I grew up with it.
It's normal to me.
It's like you being a fucking
Christian Scientist or whatever.
-I'm not Christian Science.
-What are you then?
Well. I don't practice
much. but I'm Methodist.
-Oh yeah?
-Yeah.
I don't know what
the fuck that is!
Okay? Normal to you. but to
me. it's wacky Martian shit.
You cannot seriously be
comparing me being Methodist
to you having a secret
dimensional portal
-in your bedroom right now.
-I see your point!
Fine. Fucking
congratulations. Ads.
You're the winner
of the conversation.
We'll get you your gold medal
and your congratulatory watch.
and. you know. your
fucking many awards
to shower you with.
Let's all get together
and do a big fucking
dance routine.
Yeah. that's right. Great.
Just 40.000 people
fucking dancing.
just about how fucking
awesome you are
at doing conversations!
Shit!
Are you having a
breakdown right now?
I don't know.
What's going on with you?
I had a rough night.
I don't want to make it worse.
but you're being
monitored right now.
-By who?
-Rick Flag. Senior.
He's the head of ARGUS now.
-Does he know that I. uh...
-Killed his son? Yeah.
Fuck me.
Fuck. How do you know all this?
A friend inside.
I'm just gonna pretend like
I don't know who that is.
-You want my advice?
-I don't fucking know.
Number one. this portal?
Don't use it because. somehow.
they always know when you do.
-Number two. give it to them.
-It's mine!
They're gonna treat
you like you're hiding
a nuclear weapon in
your house. Chris.
Just tell them you don't
know exactly what it is.
It's your dad's. or whatever.
Because if you don't.
they're going to use this
as an excuse to send
you back to prison.
Hey. guys.
Who's the nerd?
That is Adrian Chase.
They're. uh...
He's just a friend.
That motherfucker look like
he caught all the Pokémen.
-You know what I'm saying?
-No. I don't.
Super nerd.
Pokémon is plural. not Pokémen.
Well. I'm sorry.
Pokémen's grammar
is not my bag. man.
When. uh. you were
learning that.
I had two hot bitches
sucking my dick.
Mm.
Okay. well. I'll see
y'all guys tonight.
-John's coming home party.
-Yeah. we'll be there.
Eagly! Come on!
So. what are we doing?
I need a hand with something.
What's all this?
I had some people over. is all.
What?
Nothing.
Oh!
-Hey.
Uh. Zora.
Would you do me a huge favor?
Would you mind getting these
people out of here for me?
Sure.
Thank you.
-Well. that's gross.
-What?
There was no time at all
between her flushing that toilet
and coming out of the bathroom.
That means she didn't
wash her hands at all.
-Okay.
-"Okay"?
Personally. I don't think
gonorrhea hands are "okay."
-What are you pissed off about?
-I'm not pissed off.
Fine. 'cause I don't need
it today. Adrian. okay?
Fine. Why am I here?
Dude. I fucked up.
Oh. I see. You're in
trouble and you call me.
But you have a party
and you fuck a bunch
of major hotties
and then you don't even
invite your best friend?
Why do you always pretend
like you're not pissed off
-when it's obvious?
-I'm not pissed off.
I didn't say I was pissed off.
Is it surprising? Yes.
Is it outrageous?
Absolutely. it is!
Yeah. I was depressed.
Okay? It was a
spur-of-the-moment thing.
I was just... drowning
my sorrows in flesh.
It had nothing to
do with friendship.
And to be quite honest. Adrian.
you don't even
seem that into sex.
Dude. I'm not into sex
because. like. it's sex.
I'm into sex because.
like a lot of people.
it's an opportunity to
bond with my best friend.
That's not like a lot of people.
Well. I'm not a pervert.
is what I'm saying.
I don't quote-unquote
"like" sex.
Shut the door.
-Are you going in?
-I'm being monitored.
-What?
-They're gonna know.
Know what?
Fuck it.
-Oh. fuck.
-Whoa.
Fleury. Yeah. we see it.
Yeah. me and Ginger
Cool are on this shit.
-Jesus Christ.
-Yeah. sure.
Bordeaux wants to know are you
going to that thing tonight?
-The thing with Smith?
-Yeah. I know what she means.
Yes. Why?
He says he'll be
there with bells on.
He said he'll be
there "with bells on"?
Well. I added the bells
part. Sounded more poetic.
Okay. Agent. don't do
that. Don't embellish shit.
Sorry. Chief. It
won't happen again.
Flag thinks we
should keep Economos
in the cold on this.
Okay.
So. after he and Smith leave.
I'm sending you and
a team of agents
to do a full scrub
of Smith's home.
-Got it?
-Right.
She says to hold.
-So. do nothing?
-That's right.
Okay.
So. then you killed
your own doppelganger?
-Yeah.
-From another dimension?
Yes.
That's exactly the same as ours.
except everything's better?
-Yep.
-Dude. that's sick!
-Believe me. it's not.
-But why?
I'd love to meet a me
that's me except better.
Dude. believe me. you don't
want to meet yourself.
It's chilling as fuck.
Well. yeah. sure. if
you kill yourself.
I'm talking about
before that. man.
Looking into your own
eyes. it just fucks you up.
No way.
Here it is.
We gotta get rid of it. I don't want my
other-world dad and brother finding it.
Yeah. they'd probably
kill you if they did.
Cool helmet!
♪ Back the way I came ♪
♪ Nothin' looks the same ♪
♪ And the breadcrumbs
I've left along the way ♪
-♪ I have lost my way ♪
-♪ Now have been eaten away ♪
♪ By the birds I have
left In my past ♪
-♪ The past I've run from ♪
-♪ Should I proceed? ♪
♪ Should I proceed my darling? ♪
♪ Or turn back around? ♪
♪ Lord. let me know
What I should do ♪
♪ Evil thoughts Evil
powers seek my mind ♪
♪ I feel lost every time. oh! ♪
♪ Evil force Evil
ways close behind ♪
♪ I need love I need
love. I need love! ♪
♪ All I know ♪
♪ Isn't always the truth. yeah ♪
♪ Everything ♪
♪ Isn't always the case. oh ♪
♪ All I know ♪
♪ Isn't always the truth ♪
♪ Isn't always the case ♪
♪ As the days grow long ♪
Fuck off!
Who's that guy?
That's just some
rude motherfucker
who I say hi to every time.
and never says hi back!
Oh. Chris. turn
that off. Oh my God.
Come on. Come on. Stop.
♪ When you drink
When you smoke ♪
♪ When you scream.
When you cu-cu-curse ♪
♪ Reapercussion ♪
♪ Gotta lie. gettin' high
Gotta fight till it hurts ♪
♪ Echo in my mind Of
chaos left behind ♪
♪ The melodies within
They're kickin' in ♪
-♪ Songs from the dead ♪
-♪ Oh. oh. oh. oh ♪
-♪ Playing in my head ♪
♪ Evil melodies
Keep pushing me ♪
♪ For retaliation ♪
♪ Reapercussion ♪
-Let's go.
-No. no. wait. wait.
Let's give him a
few more minutes.
make sure he doesn't
come back for something.
Come back for something?
Yeah. he's going to a party.
a get-together with friends.
Oftentimes. people
will buy a gift
like a bottle of champagne.
a... a housewarming thing.
Isn't a housewarming
gift solely for people
-who just moved into a new home?
-No.
It's any gift that you give
to someone in their house.
-It warms the house.
-No. it's not.
It's just for people
moving into a new place.
-That guy...
-Vega.
-Vega. He's right.
-None of this matters.
The point is. is that when
I go to someone's house.
I will often buy a gift.
then I forget the gift.
And then I don't remember
until I'm halfway to
the place I'm going.
Well. personally. though.
I just say fuck it.
I forgot it. I
just want to party.
-Get lit.
-Yeah. I love to get lit.
Bonus. you can drink
the champagne afterwards
by yourself.
Well. that's you.
And that's probably
50 percent of people.
But a lot of people
are more considerate.
and they will come back.
So in case this hick
is one of those people.
we won't get caught
with our pants down.
Stop bouncing.
-Hey.
Hold on.
Will you text the
others and tell them
to meet us on the roof?
Sure.
I gotta say.
you're not really the person
I expected to play host.
Well. Adebayo lives
in a snake pit.
Adrian lives with his mother.
who might be rotting
Norma Bates-style
for all I know.
And every time I go to Chris's.
Eagly literally
tries to kill me.
Fucking Eagly.
Oh. this is surprisingly nice.
Yeah. just look out
for the dog shit.
Asshole neighbors
bring their dogs up.
-I like dogs.
-You like dog shit?
-No.
-Hey. guys.
-How did you get up here?
-Fire escape.
I got beer.
Don't be climbing up
my fire escape. dude.
Where do you get
this stuff from?
It's funny. right?
-Give me one of those.
-Yeah.
-Want one?
-Duh.
Oh. okay.
-Here you go.
-Right. yeah.
Yeah. Oh. okay.
Just hand it to him.
Yeah. no. I'll just...
I'll just hand it to him.
Probably the best thing.
Should've done that right away.
Yeah.
Motherfuckers!
-Econogoat!
-What up!
Back home where he belongs.
The missing piece of the
puzzle. man. There he is!
Hey.
-Did you guys come together?
-No. dude.
We met in the stairwell
on the way up.
Oh! Okay. okay.
-Chips and dips and brewskis...
-Leota.
...we doin' it up in style!
Hey. Ads.
-Good sir.
-Oh. Mm.
-Miss you. girl. Yeah.
-You too.
Wait. what happened to your eye?
Oh. nothing. It's stupid.
-Hey.
-Ooh. yeah.
-To the 11th Street Kids.
-Yeah.
We came. we
motherfuckin' rocked it.
No matter how far away
we are from each other.
even our boy Economos.
no one will ever break us apart.
-Yes!
-Yeah!
-Right on! Fuck yeah. bro!
All right. Mexicali.
you take your gadget.
scan for any anomalies you
find throughout that house.
Ponyboy. don't let
them out of your sight.
Titties. I want you to
take the front door.
Encino Man. you
take the back door.
-Got it?
-Yeah.
But not the fucking names. dude.
You can't just call us that.
Where do you think we
are? Fucking Berkeley?
How else am I
gonna remember you?
You know what? You
just got demoted.
Your new name is Barely Legal.
Fuck off. man.
Okay. now it's Kewpie Doll.
Keep it up.
-Fuck.
-Let's go.
What even is that thing?
Measures traces of
non-terrestrial energies.
I'm picking up something.
-What the fuck?
-Jesus.
This is a dimensional
discrepancy.
This is major. man.
Jesus!
Shoot it! Shoot it!
I'm fucking trying!
It's a bird. dude!
Fuck!
Fucking bird!
Kewpie!
Titties! Encino
Man! Get in here!
I can't tell how
big this thing is.
Fucking bird blindness.
Hold on. Oh. fuck!
Fuck!
Thank God. Fuck.
Hang in there. Titties.
You're gonna be okay.
-Look out.
-Huh?
♪ ♪ -♪ Pay me all
your dirty money ♪
♪ I'm your favorite
monkey Watch me go! ♪
♪ Help. help. help ♪
♪ Cocaine Shoulda
seen the coke get ♪
♪ Lined up in the
backstage At my show ♪
♪ Everybody wanna be
full makeup And on TV ♪
♪ Talking 'bout your jealousy ♪
♪ Mum. I know I look insane ♪
♪ But they all
promised me Champagne ♪
♪ Swear they want
me For my brain ♪
♪ Pay me all your dirty money ♪
♪ I'm your favorite
monkey Watch me go ♪
♪ Cocaine Shoulda
seen the coke get ♪
♪ Lined up in the
backstage At my show ♪
♪ Girls in line
Wanna be a star ♪ -
♪ Honey You're not getting far ♪
♪ Not with psychotherapy ♪
♪ Please. don't put
Your parents through ♪
♪ Naughty days in Malibu ♪
♪ Coming off your ecstasy ♪
♪ Pay me all your dirty money ♪
♪ I'm your favorite
monkey Watch me go... ♪
Hey.
I pulled you over here
with my fishing line.
Yes. I saw that.
Maybe you think
that's disrespectful.
I don't know.
You could have torn
a hole in my shirt.
It's not cool.
Oh. man.
It ain't been the same
since you left. man.
-Fuck you.
-I'm serious.
Look. I know sometimes you
think you don't matter.
but you do.
To all of us.
To everyone here.
Do you guys get together
like this a lot?
No. not all of us.
just individually.
So me and Chris. obviously.
-Yeah. obviously.
-Me and Harcourt.
-Harcourt.
-Mm.
And Chris and Adrian.
Chris and Harcourt.
Chris and Harcourt?
What is up with that?
Your guess is as good as mine.
-Oof.
-You doing okay. though?
Uh. hello. Yes.
Mm. you seem a little stressed.
Okay. well. it's the job.
Well. shit. Quit.
-Quit?
-Yeah.
Yeah. do what I'm doing.
I don't need anybody else.
I just go off and
forge my own path.
You making any
money doing that?
No.
Not yet. but...
but... but I will.
-Ah.
-And what you gonna do?
You just gonna... I don't know.
just sit around and be
scared your whole life?
Yes.
I've had crippling
anxiety since I was a kid.
I don't think I'm gonna
change that much now.
Shit.
No. what are you doing?
What are you fucking doing?
-I love you. brother.
-You love alcohol.
Fleury!
-Fleury!
-Mm.
Fleury!
A fucking duck attacked me.
We gotta get these
people to a hospital.
We gotta go.
Even Evergreen's
pretty from above. huh?
Hm.
Hey.
What happened?
No big deal.
Some dude at a bar
fucking with me.
Like that time a
couple months ago?
-Sure.
-Yeah.
Or like the first
time we talked.
you know. in that bar?
Mm. the bar you fucking
followed me into.
That's the one. Yes.
Yeah. Yes. I did.
I followed you in there 'cause
I thought you were cool.
-Cool?
-Yeah.
-Sure.
-I still think you're cool.
Okay.
Anyway...
That bar. filled with
not great people.
It's not a great spot.
You know. I figured
if somebody was
looking for a fight.
that'd be a real good
place to find one.
-That's all.
-So that's your theory here?
Not a theory.
Just a thought I had
I couldn't shake.
That I go around trying
to get into fights?
I don't know what you do.
You wear a costume and go out
and beat the shit out of people.
Maybe it takes one
to know one. okay?
That's not happening. That
would be fucking stupid.
I'm just saying. you've
just been so upset
ever since Task
Force X disbanded.
I'm worried about you.
-Worried about me.
-What?
Yeah.
You know. we both know
that's what you'd like.
What?
Yeah. you'd like me
to be some sort of
damaged. broken bird
'cause. you know.
water seeks its own
level and all that.
Sorry.
I'm not as fucked
up as you. Chris.
I never said you were.
All right. Uh. fuck this. Mm.
-♪ This time it's love ♪
♪ This time it's love ♪
♪ Sometimes my heart feels
Like beating through my chest ♪
♪ Sometimes we'll be apart... ♪
Eagly. were you
fucking shit up again?
Hey. Come on.
My guy. you're the best.
You're the best.
Hey. hey!
Hey. hey.
Sorry.
Yeah. Keith. you
find anything?
No. no. no. No one
knows where he is.
You call that Karen
girl. the one he's...
Yeah. Okay.
I'm trying to think anywhere
else he could be. I...
What's the blood in
the library from?
You don't think it's
those pills again. do you?
♪ La la la la la
la. la la la la la ♪
♪ Won't be complicated
Won't be compromised ♪
♪ No shame in who you are ♪
♪ Trying to confuse us
We don't need a cure ♪
♪ You know you're not alone ♪
♪ If you say it. then mean it ♪
♪ If you mean it. then do it ♪
♪ This one's for the outcast
For those about to fall ♪
♪ This is for the lowlife
This is for us all ♪
♪ La la la la la
la. la la la la la ♪
♪ This is for the outcast ♪
♪ We don't need a cure ♪
Pokémon is plural. not Pokémen.
Well. I'm sorry.
Pokémen's grammar
is not my bag. man.
When you were learning that.
I had two hot bitches
sucking my dick.
What did they look like?
One was blonde and one was bald.
Why was she bald?
What were their names?
Gertrude. Francine.
The Peppermint twins.
-I'll never forget.
-Yeah? Where was this?
In Portland. Oregon.
-Real hot?
-Super hot.